Abhor: hate
abhorrer, noun superabhor, verb (used with object), superabhorred, superabhorring. unabhorred, adjective despise. See hate. love, admire.
Liberals are supposed to abhor that sort of thing and find less loaded terms where they can.
I rarely mention Hamas without saying that I abhor its values.
“I just want to make it absolutely clear, I abhor slavery,” she said.
I abhor the Hamas charter with its anti-Semitic, anti-Zionist, anti-Western, anti-democratic call for a Judenrein Palestine.
Conservatives may abhor affirmative action, but they adore tokenism.
The floors I abhor, made of red tiles in the shape of Mrs. Quincy's floor-cloth tiles.
If Rosario does not abhor that ruffian as I wish her to do, she shall abhor him.
Their sole cosmetic consisted in unguents, which we now abhor as characteristic of the Hottentots.
Of course, they abhor us, and invoke all manner of curses on our heads.
I despise a weak woman, I hate a masculine one, and a pedantic one I abhor.

Bigot: narrow-minded, prejudiced person

He was a bigot, but he understood, correctly, that reproductive issues are often global.
Krugman is not, presumably, some kind of bizarre anti-Baltic bigot.
Walter Lee, to his credit, cannot go ahead and instead tells the bigot to take his money and stuff it.
If Dick Harpootlian were a Republican, liberals would be jumping over one another to call him a bigot.
But first, we will have to overcome Benny Morris the bigot and the many who follow in his path.
I thought it strange that almost as bigot came out the wild clanging gave place to a cheerful peal.
He married Jacintha, and Josephine set them up in bigot's, (deceased) auberge.
Really to know a bigot it is unfortunately necessary to marry her!
No good can come of his intimacy with bigot; Amlie, you must wean him from it.
I much prefer the former, as there is more hope for the sceptic than the bigot.

Counterfeit: fake; false
counterfeiter, noun counterfeitly, adverb counterfeitness, noun noncounterfeit, adjective uncounterfeited, adjective 1. spurious, bogus. See false. 2. sham, feigned, simulated, fraudulent; mock, fake, ersatz. 3. falsification, sham. 7. copy; falsify.
It remains unclear when Spinal Solutions began to counterfeit surgical implants.
“I figured there had to be so many cars with counterfeit interiors,” he tells The Daily Beast.
Despite these issues, the exhibit conveys a powerful message about the impact—and even danger—of counterfeit goods.
This inspired a two-year “obsessive quest” to document a subculture of people crafting custom designs from counterfeit materials.
Spitz made six trips and exchanged some 600,000 marks worth of counterfeit English pounds.
We went forward, and found him in some agitation, real or counterfeit.
The counterfeit, shadow, emblem, showing that Spirit exists or is.
Both are too well acquainted with this phenomenon to be deceived by its counterfeit.
She led him straight up into the first Italian room to contemplate his counterfeit.
From first to last we took in a great deal of this counterfeit money.

Enfranchise: give voting rights
enfranchisement        [en-fran-chahyz-muh nt, -chiz-]  /ɛnˈfræn tʃaɪz mənt, -tʃɪz-/  (Show IPA), noun enfranchiser, noun unenfranchised, adjective
For her it was not so much a question of enlightening the angels; the important thing was to enfranchise them.
By enfranchising the women of this country, you enfranchise humanity.
Those who enfranchise the mind render service to man as well as those who persuade the heart.
The Mother Colony seems likely to be the next to enfranchise women.
We are not asking Congress to enfranchise us, because it does not possess that power.
You give to all who ask, and enfranchise all who serve you assiduously.
enfranchise them, and they become self-respecting and country-loving citizens.
Were he to enfranchise them and pay them wages for work, they would get the wages but he would not get the work.
It is safer for America to trust her slaves than to trust her rebels—safer to enfranchise than to pardon.
The first may free a man from himself, it may enfranchise him from egotism.

Hamper: hinder; obstruct
hamperedly, adverb hamperedness, noun hamperer, noun unhampered, adjective unhampering, adjective 1. obstruct, encumber, trammel, clog. See prevent. 1. further, encourage, facilitate.
If Gentleman's Quarterly comes by for a photo spread, Palmer won't have to put a single sock in a hamper.
My daughter asleep, and her T-shirt in the hamper, my wife, I call her MZ, wanted a word.
In short, if your online community occupies a specific niche, joining the Facebook juggernaut can hamper your growth.
Because we use knives and forks every day, we do not notice how they hamper us.
The Obama administration insists the rules are not meant to hamper innovation or hurt the business of Internet companies.
On the beach of the beautiful little harbor he posted five hundred of his militia and volunteers to hamper the British landing.
You mayn't think now it'll hamper you, but you'll find it will—most fearfully.
It was one of those domestic thorns which fester and hamper, but to which the very best of men have to submit.
Am I to bring a bonnet-box and a hamper of fish in my own hands, I should like to know?
We have considerable dealings with the wagons at present: a hamper of port and brandy from Southampton is now in the kitchen.

Kindle: to start a fire
kindler, noun 1–3. fire, light. Kindle, ignite, inflame imply setting something on fire. To kindle is especially to cause something gradually to begin burning; it is often used figuratively: to kindle someone's interest. To ignite is to set something on fire with a sudden burst of flame: to ignite dangerous hatreds. Inflame is now found chiefly in figurative uses, as referring to unnaturally hot, sore, or swollen conditions in the body, or to exciting the mind by strong emotion: The wound was greatly inflamed. 3. arouse, awaken, bestir, incite, stimulate.
The best known of them, The Beauty of Concealment and the Concealment of Beauty, is available on kindle.
The Queen probably won't be buying Prince George an iPad or a kindle.
But she also acknowledged that she no longer stops by newsstands and often reads on her kindle.
Downloading an e-book on the kindle has always felt somewhat restricting, more akin to renting a movie than buying a book.
Amazon's kindle Store previously sold e-books at a discount in the same manner that it sells physical books.
He would penetrate into some innermost recess of your conscience and kindle a spark where all had been darkness.
For a long time there was a doubt about whether it would be safe to kindle this fire.
Their historic lore and unequaled grandeur give them amplitude and poetry enough to kindle and enrich the imagination.
Adam could hardly manage to kindle a fire without the help of matches.
For Isobel would gladly have laid down her life to kindle in James's heart such a love to their parents as her own.

Noxious: harmful; poisonous; lethal
noxiously, adverb noxiousness, noun 1. hurtful, unwholesome, unhealthy, nocuous, detrimental, deleterious. 2. corruptive. 1, 2. harmless.
In a country powered by noxious, expensive diesel generators, solar energy has emerged as an obvious solution.
Editor's note: This post has been updated to reflect George Wallace's noxious candidacy.
When I got out of the car I was assailed by another of the noxious stinks that Lufkin is distinguished for.
Eric Cantor was a noxious, cookie-cutter, U.S. Chamber, GOP hypocrite.
We cannot forget the noxious behavior of certain black athletes and entertainers.
The growing passion for the noxious weed is truly any thing but pleasantly contemplative.
Some of the most troublesome and noxious insects are found among the moths.
Even the brushwood is a fruit tree, namely, the guava, which from its abundance is as noxious as a weed.
He inhaled the noxious fumes and fell dead by the side of his crucibles.
But Uncle lingered longingly over a new device for lacerating the soil and destroying its noxious productions.

Placid: calm; peaceful
placidity        [pluh-sid-i-tee]  /pləˈsɪd ɪ ti/  (Show IPA), placidness, noun placidly, adverb unplacid, adjective unplacidly, adverb unplacidness, noun See peaceful.
Underneath the most placid waters, there are vicious currents and tides, and underwater volcanoes that are constantly erupting.
In 1990, Twin Peaks gave the world a nightmare vision into the seediness beneath the placid veneer of small-town America.
His face immediately shifted out of the placid, guarded, friendliness of the Scheduled Speaker into ambroad, welcoming smile.
Plus, Michael Daly on Chicago's carnage and Jim Warren on the placid protest.
They would speak up, but in tones still soft and placid; and Spahn often overheard them describing him as a “beautiful person.”
Dr. Grayle was awaiting her in the corridor, a watchdog, patient and placid.
Again they launched their fragile canoes, and paddled along the placid waters.
The aunt turned out to be a placid woman with a low voice; the sister was too florid and loud for my fancy.
“Thank you for your kind wishes,” replied Osbert with placid amiability.
From another point we looked down on Andraitx, and marked the wide plain that ended in the placid waters of the port.

Remuneration: payment for work done
nonremuneration, noun preremuneration, noun superremuneration, noun
But in all cases it contains some element of remuneration for service rendered.
Nearly any one can get a story into print if they want no remuneration.
Such is the principle of value, of remuneration, of exchangea principle which is not the less true because it is simple.
Under the circumstances he might have waived all remuneration.
The usual rate of remuneration for deputy postmasters in North America.
There is hard work and plenty of it, and the remuneration is not of the best.
A considerable part of a puisne's remuneration consisted of fees, perquisites, and presents.
With regard to remuneration for my trouble, I might make my own terms in reason.
Sir—I cannot offer you any remuneration until your gravel shall have formed itself into a stone—when I will cut you with pleasure.
No; because, I repeat it, the principle of a remuneration is in the loan.

Talisman: lucky charm
talismanic        [tal-is-man-ik, -iz-]  /ˌtæl ɪsˈmæn ɪk, -ɪz-/  (Show IPA), talismanical, adjective talismanically, adverb
The “it” bag was born–a talisman of stylishness and a signifier of insider savvy.
Lucky ones might take home something that was touched by the artist; a talisman.
She kept a copy of The Ambassadors as a talisman on her writing desk when she was working for seven years on her novel Trust.
But for the talisman, he would never have seen the notice, and a little shiver ran through him as he thought of this.
"Hope and Have," she often said to herself; and the words were a talisman to keep her in the path of duty.
She had a laminated press-pass out in her free hand and was holding it up beside her head like a talisman.
Orso made an attempt to kiss the hand that held out the talisman.
Such is the tradition concerning the talisman, which the author has taken the liberty to vary in applying it to his own purposes.
Saying this, she stretched out her slimy fingers to seize the talisman.
The talisman, instead of establishing a river connection with the Mississippi River cities, never came back.

